feat(aztec-nr)!: domain-separated tags on log emission (#21910)
AztecProtocol/aztec-packages: docs/docs-developers/docs/resources/migration_notes.md

## TBD

### [Aztec.nr] Domain-separated tags on log emission

All logs emitted through the Aztec.nr framework now include a domain-separated tag at `fields[0]`. Each log category uses its own domain separator via `compute_log_tag(raw_tag, dom_sep)`:

- **Events** (`DOM_SEP__EVENT_LOG_TAG`): the event type ID is the raw tag.
- **Message delivery** (`DOM_SEP__UNCONSTRAINED_MSG_LOG_TAG`): the discovery tag is the raw tag.
- **Partial note completion logs** (`DOM_SEP__NOTE_COMPLETION_LOG_TAG`): the partial note's `commitment` field is the raw tag.

The low-level emit methods now take `tag` as an explicit first parameter and have been renamed with an `_unsafe` suffix:

```diff
- context.emit_private_log(log, length);

> + context.emit_private_log_unsafe(tag, log, length);

Reviewer: You're missing the fact that the tag is the old `log[0]`, and that the new `log` has had the first field removed.

- context.emit_raw_note_log(log, length, note_hash_counter);
+ context.emit_raw_note_log_unsafe(tag, log, length, note_hash_counter);
- context.emit_public_log(log);
+ context.emit_public_log_unsafe(tag, log);
```

Prefer the higher-level APIs (`emit` for events, `MessageDelivery` for messages) which handle tagging automatically.

### [Aztec.nr] Public events no longer include the event type selector at the end of the payload

`emit_event_in_public` previously appended the event type selector as the last field. It now prepends a domain-separated tag at `fields[0]` instead. The payload after the tag contains only the serialized event fields.

> If you were reading public event logs manually (not via `getPublicEvents`), update your parsing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were reading public event directly from node logs (i.e. via `node.getPublicLogs` and not via `wallet.getPublicEvents`), update your parsing:
```
